Add release notes for 1.17.0 (#210)
anbox-cloud/discourse-docs: announcements/1.17.0.md

To further provide information about a deployed cluster, the dashboard also provides an overview of the available LXD nodes and their properties.

![Dashboard node overview](images/dashboard-nodes-overview.png)

This will be further enhanced in future releases to allow easy modification of node settings and introduce support for performing maintenance tasks.

### Other

* Experimental support for software accelerated AV1 encoding is now available behind a [feature flag](https://anbox-cloud.io/docs/ref/ams-configuration) (`experimental.force_av1_software_encoding`).
* Containers now connect to Anbox Stream Agent instead of Anbox Stream Gateway for WebRTC signaling.
* HTTPS fingerprint checks were added to the Anbox runtime for deployment scenarios where the Anbox Stream Agent is not deployed with a certificate signed by a trusted CA.
* Initial support for NUMA has been added to AMS. If a system has multiple NUMA nodes, AMS will select a node based on the locality of an additionally allocated GPU. If a container is not allocated with a GPU or if `cpu.limit_mode` is set to `pinning`, no specific NUMA is being selected.

> * To allow scheduling containers for applications onto specific nodes in a LXD cluster, an application in AMS can now add a `node-selector` part into it's manifest. This will tell the scheduler in AMS to schedule a container for the application only onto a node matching the criteria of the node selector. The node selector currently supports tag based selection only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To allow scheduling containers for applications onto specific nodes in a LXD cluster, an application in AMS can now add a `node-selector` part into its manifest. This will tell the scheduler in AMS to schedule a container for the application onto a node only if it matches the criteria of the node selector. The node selector currently supports tag based selection only.
```
